BRN-30: Investigate how documenting the project (#8)
maingroon/svydovets-bring: README.md

# Bring, svydovets team
 The Bring is the [Inversion of Control (IoC) framework](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inversion_of_control#:~:text=In%20software%20engineering%2C%20inversion%20of,control%20from%20a%20generic%20framework.).  

>  The Bring take care of [Dependency Injection (DI)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_injection) into the Bean, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The Bring takes care of [Dependency Injection (DI)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_injection) into the Bean and manages full Bean lifecycle.
```
